In this lecture we will continue working with dependency injection.
And as I've said we will replace this dependency on the cash facade and the session helper function
and we will actually inject those proper services using constructor.
But before we do that we need to learn about something which is a contract.
So there is this documentation page in light of all dogs about the difference between a contract and
a four seed.
So what contract is basically this is an peach B interface that has some matters like our usual interface
and those methods of course do not have an implementation.
So contract is basically making sure that some functionality is being provided.
So as a lot of our documentation says for seeds and helper functions are just a simple way of using
lot of a service container without needing to resolve those contracts or passing them through dependency
injection in constructor.
It also says that in most cases each phosphate has an equivalent contract and this is important for
us because to replace four seats we need to know what is the equivalent interface or contract that we
will have to pass as an argument to the constructor.
No let's also take a look at the second paragraph which says that phosphates do not require you to specify
them on the class constructor and contracts do.
This is explicitly dependent defining the dependencies of your class.
Well a lot of all dogs are right that some developers prefer to explicitly define their dependencies
of their classes.
It's then easier to keep track of how many dependencies a class have and with phosphates.
It's just easy to forget yourself and use well every possible facet.
There is out there now.
Also another thing to know is that while using phosphates and Dependency Injection is fine.
So both of them is fine and I want to really tell you which you should use but there is a feeling that
when you write typical lava applications using phosphates it's just perfect.
It's just fine it makes it very easy and possibly convenient but when you create a package for larval
so something like a third party package that can be downloaded by others then you have to use contracts.
So this is our recommended way.
If you create packages now we said that in most cases each phosphate has an equivalent contract and
there is actually a list of all those phosphates and their equivalent contracts at the bottom of this
documentation.
So this link contract reference.
So let's find those that we need.
So the first one is cash and that's the contract that we will have to use.
So let's copy this name and they use statement for it and we will actually Elias it as cash and we can
add that as an argument.
So cash like that.
Of course this has to be neutralized so this cash equals cash.
Let's also add a private field for that.
So private cash
and now another one is the session.
So let's find where do we have the session equivalent well.
So this might be fine.
So session driver basically is using the default session driver and well we will have just one.
So let's also add this
now of course we'll have to remove the use of this for seed.
So let's do that and now let's also specify a dependency off session.
And obviously we have to utilize this in constructor.
So this would be available to other methods of this class.
And well let's define our field.
You don't really have to define this field but I think it's a good practice.
It's obvious then what are all the fields of a class.
So now will have to somehow replace the usage of this fixates.
But first let's go to the service container so you will now see how you can actually inject those things
now to pass something to the counter we would actually need to first resolve something from the service
container inside this service definition so we can do the same thing as we did before in user controller
or post controller.
We use the resell function but this is useful if you do not have access to the application object.
And this time we have.
So we can use up make up make is just basically the same thing as using that resolve helper function.
So now we define those dependencies as contracts as interfaces.
So if you will open this by clicking You can see that that's an interface and you know that we can't
instantiate interfaces in peach B.
They only have to be implemented by classes.
So how it happens that we ask for an interface and typing with interface and get an object we will cover
that in next lecture so please don't worry about that right now.
Just so we know you can also ask for interfaces and then a lot of us will know what object what service
to pass for that interface.
So you will learn that in the next lecture.
Now let's also inject the second one that this class needs.
So the first one was cash.
The second one is session.
So mind this is equivalent of the FSA.
So we checked what contracts are equivalent of using FSA aid.
So now our service is correct.
It has all the dependencies
we can even do DDA here on this cash and before that to dump on this session to see if we actually got
the proper objects passed.
So now let's go to one of the blog posts and well you can see that there is the store.
This is actually an object passed from the session and you can see that the namespace for it is illuminate
sessions store.
And here we get cash manager even though we have asked for an interface so we'll get to this a lot of
magic in the next lecture anyway.
This this is actually working so it's great.
So we have dumped this because actually as it stands right now we will have an issue let's say for example
we have removed an import for the cash phosphate so we can't use that anymore.
So let's refactor now this method a little bit.
So it now can fully take advantage of all the dependencies that we have so you can see that here we
depend on the tax method from the cash facility.
But if you remember not all cash implementations support tax only Redis does this.
And since we are accepting an interface now this can accept any implementation of the cash whether this
is Redis or something else that doesn't support tax so we'll have to add another field called supports
tax and how we can figure that out is whether the cash object contains tax method.
So there is a BHP function for that called method exists.
The object is cash and method is tax.
So this would be true if the cash that was passed here supports tax.
So this is our new field.
Now what we can immediately do is we can replace this session helper function with this session.
So now we are using the finger that was injected to the class instead of resolving the session using
session helper function and then there is a problem with this tax.
So notice that whenever we call any method of the cash we have to proceed with their tax goal.
If we want to use tax so the first thing we can actually do is we can create a new variable called cash
which would be like that.
So if we support tax and
the tax were part were passed.
So no.
So tax.
Ah sorry.
Different than normal.
So tax is an argument of this method.
So if this is true that cash would be this cash tax with the tax passed otherwise it's just this cash
so using this simple trick we now would access the cash using this variable.
And we also support whatever was passed as the dependency whether this supports tax or not.
And we also took care where their tax were provided.
So if someone wants them at one point or not now we can replace all the uses of their cash first aid
with this tax go just simply with cash so let's do that with older cases where we have used previously
the cash for seed.
So that would be here.
Also here
in this place here and finally at the bottom.
So now what we achieved here is we are not only passing dependencies we are.
We are also checking if those dependency support something and then we now support to have those stocks
whatever user has specified or if they didn't want anything then we just ignore them because previously
even on the user controller like here we haven't provided tax and yet they were used.
So now we have a perfect example of our dependency injection.
So no let's now refresh and you can see that this still works perfectly and all the dependencies were
injected using their constructor.
So finally in the next lecture you will actually see how to use contracts.
We will also create our very own contract and then you will see how you can make our dependency on a
contract and then lot of it would actually inject our concrete implement implementations.
So our class that implements this contract or interface and then finally will get two facets and we
also create our own for seed.
So you could then fully understand that.